
This is a behavioural simulator for user activity in a Mixnet. The objective of
this tool is to evaluate the probability of a deanonymization through time,
assuming some level of adversarial activity among the mixes. This probability
of deanonymization is determined by the user behaviour (i.e., how many messages
the user sends, and what sending distribution through time).

This program can take in input behavioural patterns; i.e., a probabilistic
model of the user activity through a period. The simulator can then play this
pattern upon a configured virtual time limit (in days). For example, the
simulator can play a user email pattern within the Mixnet during 100 days.

We read topologies configuration from files, in which each file matchs an epoch
(i.e., an epoch is a timeframe during which the network topology remains the
same). The simulator then output path information for each message sent by each
sampled user (i.e., we apply a Monte Carlo method). As a matter of example, the
"simple" model outputs the following kind of line:

...  
1970-01-01 00:44:31 2538 570,260,1007, false
...  

containing the date, the sample id, the path (mix ids) and whether the route is
fully compromised or not (i.e., whether the user selected PATH_LENGTH malicious mixes).

The timings and number of path sampled depends on the user model selected. E.g.,
for the "simple" user model, one path is sampled every 10 minutes on average
(uniformly random in 5, 15 minutes).

More complex user models and logging mechanisms are also implemented.
Fundamentally, we derive two classes of interactions with the mixnet:
Synchronous one. E.g., sending files to a dropbox, or sending a HTTP request to
a Web Server). And asynchronous ones that mainly capture potential interaction
between anonymous users (e.g., some user send a message to someone's else
mailbox; and the peer can then anonymously fetch the message asynchronously).


